helm: remove trimming leading whitespace for extra-manifests.yaml (#9863)
grafana/mimir: operations/helm/charts/mimir-distributed/CHANGELOG.md

* [ENHANCEMENT] helm: add `enabled` field for admin-api, compactor, distributor, gateway, ingester, querier, query-frontend and store-gateway components. This helps when deploying the GEM federation-frontend on its own. #9734
* [BUGFIX] Fix PVC template in AlertManager to not show diff in ArgoCD. #9774
* [BUGFIX] Fix how `fullnameOverride` is reflected in generated manifests. #9564

> * [BUGFIX] Fix `extraObjects` linting with helm lint. #9862

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [BUGFIX] Fix `extraObjects` linting with helm lint by padding with an extra new line. #9863
```
